Add a section for module specifier resolution (#35998)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/import/index.md

- `file:` URLs are supported by many non-browser runtimes such as Node, since scripts there already have `file:` URLs, but they are not supported by browsers due to security reasons.
- [Data URLs](/en-US/docs/Web/URI/Schemes/data) are supported by many runtimes including browsers, Node, Deno, etc. They are useful for embedding small modules directly into the source code. Supported [MIME types](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) are those that designate importable source code, such as `text/javascript` for JavaScript, `application/json` for JSON modules, `application/wasm` for WebAssembly modules, etc. (They may still require [import attributes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import/with).)

  ```js
  // HTTP URLs
  import x from "https://example.com/x.js";
  // Data URLs
  import x from "data:text/javascript,export default 42;";
  // Data URLs for JSON modules
  import x from 'data:application/json,{"foo":42}' with { type: "json" };
  ```

>   JavaScript code specified in data URLs are still interpreted as modules, but they cannot use relative imports because `data:` URLs are not hierarchical. That is, `import x from "data:text/javascript,import y from './y.js';"` will throw an error because the relative specifier `'./y.js'` cannot be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `text/javascript` data URLs are still interpreted as modules, but they cannot use relative imports  because the `data:` URL scheme is not hierarchical. That is, `import x from "data:text/javascript,import y from './y.js';"` will throw an error because the relative specifier `'./y.js'` cannot be resolved.
```

- [`node:` URLs](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#node-imports) resolve to built-in Node.js modules. They are supported by Node and other runtimes that claim compatibility with Node, such as Bun.

> Bare specifiers are popularized by CommonJS, in which they are resolved within the `node_modules` directory. For example, if you have `import x from "foo"`, then the runtime will look for the `foo` package within any `node_modules` directory in the parent directories of the current module. This behavior can be reproduced in browsers using [import maps](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#importing_modules_using_import_maps), which also enable you to customize resolution in other ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bare specifiers, popularized by CommonJS, are resolved within the `node_modules` directory. For example, if you have `import x from "foo"`, then the runtime will look for the `foo` package within any `node_modules` directory in the parent directories of the current module. This behavior can be reproduced in browsers using [import maps](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#importing_modules_using_import_maps), which also enable you to customize resolution in other ways.
```
